very difficult you know very difficult
know about but with a tremendous a lot
more info to play piano as e to the
power mu fossil
so again wait no father no father
well it sounds yes haha so neither it's
muy fast yes it's very nice and this is
very important also this is 2 and H note
yeah because normally that because we
have not this possibility right only
it's very it's very very good estimate
I was studying for you
EFT one Paris oh here you go okay no in
the conservatory private Friesland plant
diversity in the conservatory with all
his students and after I was studied
also two years but no no private also
with moments on this okay it's reddened
in TiVo doesn't doesn't teach that yes
no this is our addresses as any smoke
salon no no I don't know him he was
talked with more I used to smoke a lot
yeah yeah I never I was I was know him
from this moment I stopped I know a
chocolate player who studied from me
when he was smoking uh-huh and he told
me was in the baby is here would be
smoking and he's trying to play trumpet
so scary and the doors picture from car
the nega's you know yeah it's a very
good picture
alright he's a car I don't know what he
was a moose into the buffoon caricature
okay a church I got your phone
it's a our room with smoke everyone to
cigarette and to build to never had the
ball this one's yes
can you talk about when you click on
check fun yes what it was like and how
this decision you know the Pergamon was
free there to position of solaced
principle to invest to and I work at no
priest and row and he call me for two on
one drawer suppressant
really it's El Reno to play with our
pasta ladies know me and I was calm and
the people was happy and it was fight
product more I was playing mallet seven
turbulence mother nine reciting and just
talk of each eleven same abisco for me
it's really a dream
we